How do you know the, what is good?
There's lots of standards of good, but if you are,
for me to be a good guy,
is if you want to leave the world a little bit better than you found it.
That to me is the definition of a good guy.
And I think there are many people that, that that's not their motivation.
And also it's about your motivation. Well.
It's also about if your motivation is at all, um, correlated to reality.
I, you, no one thinks we're the bad guys that that's correct,
but are you taking steps to check your motivations and,
and also take certain amount of humility because if you're going to start
interfering other people's lives, you really, uh, better be sure.
You know what you're talking about.
The control of others. If you do have centralized control, or then you kind of,
you become a leader of a group,
you better know you better do so humbly and cautiously.
And I.
Also have, uh, uh, steam valves. Right? Right.
So if in case things go wrong, let's have,
I'm sure this is a lot happening with AI would ever work with computers. Like,
okay, if something goes wrong here,
how do we have a workaround to make sure it doesn't cause everything to
collapse?
Yeah. The, the going wrong thing. I mean the, the whole, the feedback mechanism.
Yeah. Like, uh,
I wonder if people in Congress think that things are
really wrong.
It's working for them. Are.
You, are you sure? Because yeah,
I'm not sure because I I'd like to believe, uh,
that the people that at least when they got into politics actually
wanted some of it is ego,
but some of it like wanting to be the kind of person that builds a
better world.
Sure. I also think it's a, it's diverse.
Some who are gonna have different motivations than others.
But like once you're in the system and trying to build a better world,
how do you know that it's not working? Like,
how do you take the basic feedback? Make an a and like,
and actually productively change. I mean,
that's what it means to be a good guy is like, Hmm, something is wrong here.
And this that's why I like the ELAM Musk like think from first principles, like,
wait, wait, okay, let's ask the big question. Like,
can this be one, is this working at all?
Like the way we're solving this particular,
the problem of government is this working at all?
And then like stepping away and saying like,
as opposed to modifying this bill or that bill, or like this little strategy,
like increase the tax by this much, or decrease the tax by this much. Like,
why do we have a democracy at all?
Or why do we have any kind of representative democracy?
Shouldn't it be a pure democracy?
Or why do we have states, uh,
like representation of states and federal government, so on, why do we have a,
this kind of separation of power, this different, why,
why don't we have term limits or not like big things?
Like how do you actually make that happen?
And is that what it means to be a good guy is like
taking big revolutionary steps as opposed to income mental.
Steps. Well, I,
I don't know that you could be a politician to be a good guy to be analyst.
And let me give you a counter example of someone who you could tell is not being
a good guy. Uh, Joe Biden said he was, he regards the Iraq war mistake. Okay.
You and I have made mistakes in our lives.
I'm sure none of our mistakes have caused tens of thousands of people to die.
Um, if let's was something for yourself, <laugh> I that's fair. Okay.
I'll take that. I, I don't build the kill bots. <laugh> um,
if I were a chef, let's take it outta politics.
And in my restaurant somehow accidentally someone ate something and they died
a I would feel horrible, but more importantly, I would be like,
we need to look through this system and figure out how it got to the point where
someone lost their life, because that can never happen again.
And we need to figure out step by step it's there's. I, I'm not a gun person,
but there's like this checklist of like, if you're holding a gun,
there's five things to do. And even if you get too wrong, you're gonna be, say,
it's like, assume every gun is loaded.
Only pointed at something that you want to kill.
And there's like three other things.
And it's like to make sure that nothing goes wrong.
So if I made a,
if I'm that chef and I would have to not only feel guilt,
but take preventative action to make sure this has no possibility
of happening again. If you look, get the staff he's putting in,
it's the same war Moners that would've advised him to get into the Iraq war
on the first time, that is to me is not a good guy.
That to me is someone who does not feel remorse for their responsibility in
killing not only many Americans, but some of us think that, you know,
dead Iraqis is a necess fairly ideal either.